[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...!
Goku completed his journey down
Snake Way to reach King Kai!
But before his real
training can begin,
Goku must learn to
overcome the intense
gravity on King Kai's planet--
by chasing a monkey!
Only one-hundred
fifty eight days
remain until the Saiyans arrive.
Will Goku be ready in time?
His quest continues--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "The Battle
with Ten-Times Gravity!
Goku's Race Against the Clock!"
[KING KAI] I can't
believe the way this boy
just wolfs it down...
His table etiquette leaves
something to be desired.
Hey! You're gonna eat
me outta house and home!
No, I'm saving that for desert!
[KING KAI laughs]
Saving it for desert,
that's good!
Wait, you're kidding, right?
[GOKU burps]
Those really
hit the spot...
Not very tasty...
But beggars
can't be choosers--
That's gratitude
for you...
You could try
showing some respect.
You are a guest in
my home, you know.
Yeah, um...
Don't you... well...
Don'tcha ever get
bored with this place...?
It's such a tiny little world.
[KING KAI chuckles]
[KING KAI] Ah, youth.
To the enlightened mind,
this "tiny little world"
contains a whole universe
of fascinating diversions.
[KING KAI]
For example,
I can contemplate a single
blade of grass endlessly,
marvel at the vastness of the
sky... Pee for distance...
Oh, yes. But the most
recent hobby I've taken up?
Toolin' around in this baby.
[car horn honks]
[KING KAI hoops and hollers]
[KING KAI] That was fun.
Uh...
[KING KAI]
Break-time's over, heh, heh!
Back to monkey-chasin' ...
That is, of course,
unless you've
changed your mind
about my training you
in the Martial Arts.
[GOKU] Oh, my mind
hasn't changed...
Alright, here goes nothin'.
Uh, just a moment.
[KING KAI] Before
you go tearing off,
put those weighted clothes
you had earlier back on.
[GOKU quavers]
[KING KAI] You'll get
more out of it that way.
But I can barely run as it is...
If I put those clothes back on,
I won't stand a chance!
Well... Would you like
to know a secret...?
The world where
the Saiyans came from...
had roughly the
same gravity as here...
To them, what I've asked of
you would be a walk in the park.
[GOKU startled]
[KING KAI] How else do you
think they built themselves up?
Not to say that's all
there is to it, of course...
You see, Saiyans
are born with an
innate ability to fight--
almost a sixth-sense
for battle, if you will...
That's what makes them
so remarkably dangerous.
Hey, that's okay...!
After all, I'm a Saiyan too!
[KING KAI] Uh...!
[PICCOLO and GOHAN
grunting and yelling]
[PICCOLO chuckles]
Nice little jab, there...
[PICCOLO] But who
said you were done?!
[GOHAN screams]
Help! Please!
I don't know how
to swim! I'll drown!
Believe me,
drowning is the
least of your worries!
[GOHAN coughs]
So far, his true power only
shows itself under a full moon,
which means I'll have
to push him even harder.
[GOHAN sighs]
[sneezes and groans]
Well it would seem
that the last six months
have wrung the cry-baby
outta you, at least.
[GOHAN chuckles]
Hey, is it really true that
you and my dad used to
fight each other
a long time ago?
That fight is far
from over, believe me...
Once the Saiyans are defeated--
if they're defeated...
I intend to pick
up where we left off.
Yeah, but my dad
used to tell me...
He said ever since
you were reborn,
you're not nearly as
bad as you used to be.
He said now you're
more grumpy than evil.
Argh...
I don't know--I think
he was kinda right...
But... I mean my mom is still
totally scared of you and all.
Stop blabbering
and go to sleep...!
If you think today's
training was hard,
wait till you
get a load of
what I've got in
store for you tomorrow!
Um, yes sir...
[GOHAN snores]
Impudent little brat.
[NARRATOR]
And so it was,
that three weeks
of intense training
came and went...
seemingly in
the blink of an eye.
Ah, I love dim sum.
Well... like they say...
You dim sum...
and you lose some!
[KING KAI laughs]
I crack myself up!
[KING KAI laughing]
[KING KAI] Uh... Hello...?
Is anyone even listening?
[GOKU] You can run,
but you can't hide, furball!
[GOKU]
I've got you now!
Lunch time...!
I've got a pile
of pot-stickers here!
[GOKU]
Monkey! Get back here!
[KING KAI groans]
[BUBBLES chatters]
Ah-hah...
Damn it!
Yeah... That's right,
just keep laughin...
[GOKU]
Alright! Enough of this!
My, someone's in
high spirits, aren't they?
[KING KAI] Ow! Ooh!
[GOKU] Get back here!
Watch it! There's a few things
in this head you might actually
have to learn one day!
I gotta admit...
He's a slippery one, this guy...
But no monkey-brain's
gonna get the best of me!
[GOKU]
Ya hear that, Bubbles?!
[GOKU panting]
Wait... Hold on just a second.
That's it, of course...!
[GOKU] The tables are
about to turn, Bubbles!
[GOKU] Surprise!
[GOKU] Like I said: you
can run, but you can't hide!
[GOKU]
I'm comin' to get ya!
Ah-ha!. Where are you goin'?!
[GOKU] The jig is up!
Huh?
Heh! I gotcha!
I did it! Yeah...!
I caught the monkey!
[KING KAI] His energy is
truly amazing, this one.
In practically no time at all,
the gravity of this planet
has become nothing to him...
If he keeps this up,
it's possible he may even
be able to master
the Kaio-ken technique!
[PICCOLO laughs]
[PICCOLO] C'mon, what
are you waiting for?!
[PICCOLO laughs]
Dodging my hits once or twice
gives you no right to be cocky.
Cause you're still soft!
[PICCOLO grunts]
[GOHAN yells]
[GOHAN] Hey, what are
you doing?! Help me!
Heh.
[GOHAN yells]
[PICCOLO] If you can't get
back up here on your own,
you might as well give up!
[panting]
[GOHAN yells]
[GOHAN sobbing]
Hey...! Piccolo...! Piccolo...!
You there...?! Listen...!
[GOHAN] I know what
you're trying to do!
I get it! You want me to
learn to take care of myself!
Well, fine!
I'll do your training!
Whatever you say!
But I'm not gonna quit!
You hear me, Piccolo?!
Tien and Yamcha
are getting
more and more
incredible by the day!
Darn it, Yajirobe...!
Take this seriously!
[YAJIROBE] Fine.
Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-
ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
[GOKU] I did it!
[GOKU laughs]
[GOKU] I caught the monkey!
I caught the monkey!
That wasn't nearly as hard
as I thought it
would be--so now what?
Now then...
Let me see...
Something tough...
A real grind...
Yeah!
Try grinding some sesame seeds!
[KING KAI laughs]
Okay, not that that
isn't a laugh riot--
but if I don't
start training soon,
[GOKU] the Saiyans will--
[KING KAI] Naw! Now...
Don't be over-hasty...
You've got a hundred
and thirty-five days left.
But that's practically
no time at all!
[KING KAI inhales]
[KING KAI bellows]
What was that?
It'll make a
full circuit soon.
A full circuit...?
Oh, yeah.
Practically no time at all
is time enough, my boy.
[KING KAI chuckles]
I've gotta remember that one!
You've got to be kiddin' me--
no one is that strong!
[GREGORY] How uncouth!
[beeping]
Huh...? Now what?
But... You're just
a grasshopper...!
Ha! "Just," he says!
He's got a leg up on you.
[KING KAI laughing]
I'm on a roll today!
You, sir...
are an ill-mannered clod!
And for your information,
this "just a grasshopper"
goes by the name
of Gregory... Jerk.
Uh huh...
Can't you see? You are
in the presence of one of
the most powerful
beings in the universe...
King Kai himself!
[KING KAI laughs]
[KING KAI] "Leg up"....
Oh that is just too
rich! Because he's...
Uh, a-hem, yes,
well as I was saying...
His strength is undeniable...!
And you dare
to question it...?!
There's only so much
ignorance I can bear.
Right... You mean 'cause
you're a grasshopper.
[laughing]
[KING KAI] Bravo, Goku!
Excellent comeback!
We'll make a
comedian out of you yet!
King Kai,
could you not laugh?
I'm trying to defend your honor!
Ah, what luck...
This is perfect...
Since you've captured Bubbles,
your next task is Gregory.
But, he's...
Don't even say it!
You've no idea!
King Kai, sir...
No, uh, disrespect,
but you're jokin', right?
Your greatness,
do you hear the way
this idiot insults me...?!
With your permission, sir,
I'd be happy to take
him down a few notches--
and teach him a thing
or two about respect.
Yes. Of course.
What's that for?
Uh, is it me, or...
...does that thing seem
a bit on the hefty side?
Here, Goku... Catch.
Come now...
It's only a mallet.
[GREGORY laughs]
The real challenge...
will be to see if you can
swat our friend
Gregory here with it, eh?
Seriously?
Once you've managed to do that,
your training with
me will truly begin.
Now how's that sound?
Now you're talkin'!
This two-bit rookie
couldn't catch a cold--
let alone someone
as quick as moi.
Ahhhhh!
[GOKU] Argh!
Man, he's fast! Huh?!
Damn!
[KING KAI] Looks like I'll have
plenty of time to prepare...
Come on, Bubbles.
That was just a lucky shot!
Oh, that is it!
[GOKU] Enjoy it now,
grasshopper!
But just you wait
'til I get this
thing within striking
distance of that skull!
[GOKU]
Yeah, you better run!
[GOKU] Sorry!
Hey! Careful!
[KING KAI shrieks]
Well, at least he's
got the right attitude...
[KING KAI weeps]
[KING KAI]
Thank you, Bubbles.
[GOKU]
I've got you now!
[worried monkey sounds]
[GOKU] You little...!
[GOKU] I will become
stronger than the Saiyans!
[GOKU] Damn it!
[KAMI] I am
pleased to confess
that there is nothing
left for us to teach you...
Without a doubt,
you have far surpassed
both Mr. Popo and myself...
Return now to your homes and,
hone the skills you have learned
until the fated day
of conflict is upon us.
The future is in your hands.
Right!
Um, hey...
Can we get outta these
heavy clothes now or what?
Yes; you may do as you wish.
I say we go and put the
finishing touches on.
Yeah, at this
rate I feel like we
can keep powering up forever!
We're invincible!
[TIEN]
If we're invincible,
I can't wait to see
what's become of Goku.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
after two weeks
of lugging an
enormous hammer around...
[hammering]
[GOKU grunts]
[KING KAI muttering]
[GOKU] Almost...
Huh?
[GOKU] You're mine!
This jerk won't let up!
Right... now...!
Huh?
[GREGORY] Oh no!
Bedtime, Gregory!
[winces]
[bell rings]
[GOKU] Gotcha!
Hmm?
[chatters]
If I whacked you as
hard as I could,
you'd be smushed.
Ha! Dream on, ape...!
My body is as tough as marble,
I will have you know...
Good luck with the Saiyans
if that's all you've got!
Really...? So...
That bump was already there...
[GREGORY groans]
[GOKU laughs]
[KING KAI] Excellent.
And still a hundred
and eighteen days left...
Could he really be the one?
The student I've been waiting
for who can master
my techniques?
[GOKU laughs]
[KING KAI] Not only
does he possess
the strength to
perform the Kaio-ken...
he has the purity of heart
required to wield my
most powerful attack--
the Spirit Bomb!
You're still gonna keep
your promise, aren't you?
Make no mistake, boy,
this training will
be more strenuous
than you can
possibly imagine...!
Are you ready?!
You bet I am!
Very well, Goku...
Expect nothing less of
yourself than to be the best...
I want you to aspire to
greatness, you hear...?
Greatness!
It's a deal.
Sister, I'd really
appreciate it
if you'd tell us the
future of the Earth.
Sure. No sweat...
Easiest thing in the world...
You don't have
to look that far...
Just to next year.
Fine then...
But you're gonna owe me.
[BABA babbles incantation]
That's odd...
Either this thing
is on the fritz, or
the Earth has no future.
Oh, no...
Yes. That's right...
Focus your strength!
Learn to control your power!
[NARRATOR] Exactly what are
these powerful techniques
that King Kai
hopes to teach Goku?
And will they be
enough to counter
the approaching Saiyan threat?
With each passing moment,
the Saiyans draw
closer to Earth.
Ready or not, in one hundred
eighteen short days,
the fate of the planet
will rest squarely
on Goku's shoulders!
The Earth's greatest
warriors prepare
for the fight of their lives--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Talk about being caught
between a rock and a hard place.
Those nasty
Saiyans get to Earth
ahead of schedule
and yours truly
has got only one day
to get back to Earth!
[PICCOLO]
What the--What's going on?
Why is it getting
so dark all of a sudden?
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Shenron Appears!
The Saiyans Arrive
Sooner Than Expected!"
[GOHAN] I wonder if Dad's
strong enough to beat them yet.